{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\ftech\fcharset0 MinionPro-Regular;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\ftech\fcharset0 MinionPro-It;}{\f3\fnil\fcharset2 Symbol;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1503;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\f0\fs19 Applied to Active points of CHA or Power. \b\par
\pard\tab\tab\b0 Status: \b DONE\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Any part of the Characteristic or Power which is used up or removed (like STUN damage from attacks or END used to power abilities) comes out of the boosted part first.\fs20\par
\pard\fs19\tab\tab Status \b DONE\b0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\fs19 Absorption, Aid or transfer can be used on itself.\fs20\par
\pard\fs19\tab\tab Status: \b untested\b0\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\fs19 Th e use or loss of points of an expendableability (primarily END, STUN, or BODY) gainedfrom an Adjustment Power does not aff ect thefade rate for he Adjustment Power in regard tothe power\rquote s maximum eff ect. Th e character has tokeep track of how the Adjustment Power wouldfade so he knows how much additional eff ect thepower can add.\f1\fs20\par
\pard\f0\fs19\tab\tab Status: \b\f1\fs20 DONE\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\f0\fs19 Similarly, if a character has an expendable Characteristic or Power boosted to the maximum eff ect possible using an Adjustment Power, and he then uses up or removes some of what he gained, the Adjustment Power cannot be applied again until the Adjustment Power would fade naturally \f1\fs20\par
\pard\f0\fs19\tab\tab Status: \b DONE\b0\f1\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\f0\fs19 If a character has STUN (or END) boosted through an Adjustment Power, as long as his STUN (or END) total remains equal to or greater than his normal full STUN (or END), he gets no benefi t to that Characteristic from Post-Segment 12 Recoveries or from normal Recoveries taken in a Phase (but see below). \b\par
\pard\b0\tab\tab Status: \b HCS will recover the base and the adjusted which is incorrect.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 However, in some cases, characters will gain points of an expendable ability from an Adjustment Power that has a lengthy fade rate (such as \ldblquote points fade at the rate of 5 per Hour\rdblquote  or the like). In that situation, if a character uses some or all of the gained points, with the GM\rquote s permission he may use his REC to regain them during the duration of the Adjustment eff ect. \f1\fs20\par
\pard\f0\fs19\tab\tab Status: \b not implemented (a special parameter to toggle the power would be suffient to allow the this option.  There seems to be no advantage to allow it.  Just GM's call.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Summon.  Adjustment Powers work the same whether they\rquote re used on the \i\f2 eff ects \i0\f0 of a power or on the \i\f2 creator\par
\pard or originator \i0\f0 of the power. For example, a character could use Suppress Summon on a Summoned\par
demon, or on the wizard who cast the Summon spell; either attack could banish the demon if the\par
Suppress eff ect roll is high enough.\par
\tab\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If a Drain or Transfer is used on the eff ect (like a change environement or supression field) but not the character who created it, the Adjustment Power reduces only the eff ect, not the character\rquote s power. If a Transfer is used on an eff ect, the character using it gains points from the use of Transfer as per normal.\fs20\par
\pard\fs19\tab\tab Status: \b Not implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Some Powers and Characteristics are bought incrementally, at costs greater than 1 Character Point per increment.\fs20\par
\pard\fs19 In this case, a character using an Adjustment Power to reduce (or increase) that Power or Characteristic must remove (or add) enough Character Points to remove (or add) an entire increment of the Characteristic or Power\par
\emdash  removing (or adding) less than the number of Character Points required to buy 1 point of the\par
Characteristic (or one increment of the Power) has no eff ect.  If a Power is not bought in increments (for example, Desolidifi cation, which costs a fl at 40 Character Points), a character using a Drain or Transfer to reduce that Power or Characteristic must remove enough Character Points to remove the entire Power (including Adders and Advantages).\fs20\par
\fs19\tab\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If you want to do some additional work, you can apportion the Character Points returned over time.\par
\pard Th is can be especially important when the return rate has been lengthened. For example, if the Character\par
Points from a Drain were bought to return at the rate of 5 Character Points per 5 hours, the GM could rule\par
that they return at the rate of 1 point per hour. Similarly, for shorter time intervals, the GM could allow\par
the points to return 12 Segments aft er the initial eff ect (rather than at the end of Segment 12). Th ese\par
variations increase the fl exibility of the Adjustment Powers at the expense of extra bookkeeping. Th ey\rquote re\par
not recommended for new GMs or when many characters are using Adjustment Powers.\fs20\par
\fs19\tab\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 When a character buys an Adjustment Power through a Multipower or Variable Power Pool, if\par
\pard he switches the Framework to another Power the boosted (or reduced) Characteristic or Power fades at\par
the standard rate (or whatever rate the character has paid for with the \i\f2 Delayed Return Rate \i0\f0 Advantage). It\par
does not dissipate immediately (but see below regarding improving a Power Framework slot).\par
\tab\tab Status: \b Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If a character uses an Adjustment Power such as Aid to boost or increase a Power Framework,\par
\pard both the base \ldblquote pool\rdblquote  of points and the individual  slot or Power must be Adjusted. An Adjustment\par
Power that works on more than one Power of a given special eff ect simultaneously (see below) can\par
aff ect both the Framework\rquote s pool of points and one or more of its slots or powers at once; otherwise\par
they have to be Adjusted one at a time. Th e points in an individual Multipower slot or Variable Power\par
Pool power cannot exceed the points in the pool, regardless of the total rolled on the Adjustment\par
Power dice\par
\tab\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If an Adjustment Power is used to Drain or remove points from either the base cost or any slot\par
\pard in an Elemental Control, \i\f2 all slots and the base cost are equally aff ected. \i0\f0 Th is is one of the prices the\par
character pays for the point savings of an EC \emdash  the EC powers are so closely related that to Drain or\par
Transfer points from one of them is to do it to all of them. Th is occurs even if the Adjustment Power\par
is not bought to aff ect all the powers of a given special eff ect at once, or is bought only to aff ect a\par
single Power. Removing points from an Elemental Control this way essentially doubles the eff ectiveness of the\par
Adjustment Power. If an attacker Drains 15 Character Points from a slot in a character\rquote s EC, the EC\par
loses 15 Character Points from both the base cost \i\f2 and \i0\f0 from every slot, so the overall loss of power for\par
any given slot is 30 Character Points. (If the Adjustment Power is used against a slot that\rquote s built with a\par
Defense Power, halve the Adjustment Power\rquote s eff ect only against that slot; it has full eff ect on the base\par
cost and all other slots.) Th e converse is \i\f2 not \i0\f0 true: Adjustment Powers such as Aid which increase or improve an Elemental\par
Control\rquote s base cost or one of its slots must aff ect \i\f2 both \i0\f0 the base cost and the slot before there is any\par
gain or benefi t. Furthermore, the gain or benefi t is limited to the smaller of the two amounts added.\par
For example, if a character has Aid Energy Blast 4d6 and uses it to add 15 Character Points to an\par
Energy Blast 6d6 slot, the Aid has no eff ect until the base cost is also Aided. If the Aid result for the base\par
cost is 20 Character Points, the Energy Blast is only Aided by 15 Character Points \emdash  the smaller of the\par
two amounts.\par
\tab\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If a character uses an Adjustment Power to boost, increase, or improve a slot or power in a\par
\pard Multipower or VPP, and the subject switches the Framework to another slot or power, the points\par
added to the previous slot or power instantly fade. When the character switches the Framework back\par
to the Power which was Adjusted, it\rquote s at its usual strength, not its Adjusted strength. On the other\par
hand, if a character uses Drain or similar Adjustment Powers to reduce or decrease a slot or power\par
in a Framework, the slot or Power regains the lost points at the standard rate for the power, regardless\par
of whether the victim switches the Framework to another slot or power.\par
\tab\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720 If a character uses an Adjustment Power toboost, increase, or improve a VPP, he has to improve\par
\pard both the Pool and the Control Cost. For every 2points added to the Pool, he must add 1 to the\par
Control Cost so that he maintains the proper ratio between them. If the points added by the Adjustment\par
Power aren\rquote t evenly divisible this way, any overage has no eff ect. For example, if a character uses Aid to add\par
5 points of eff ect to a VPP, the fi rst 2 points go to the Pool, and the third point goes to the Control Cost.\par
Since the remaining 2 points aren\rquote t enough to apply 2-and-1 in this fashion, they have no eff ect. However,\par
the remainder fades at the usual rate, and can be added to by another use of the Adjustment Power\par
later on, potentially taking eff ect\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If a character uses Adjustment Powers such as Drain to reduce or decrease a Power Framework,\par
\pard he must reduce the individual slots rather than the base pool of points. (so this seems to be saying you can't drain the framework pool of a framework except for an EC which has the rules above)\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Adjustment Powers never aff ect the point of a character\rquote s \ldblquote negative BODY.\rdblquote  If a character normally\par
\pard has 10 BODY, then he dies at -10 BODY, even if Aided to 15 BODY or Drained to 5 BODY. A\par
character reduced to negative his BODY solely due to an Adjustment Power dies\par
\tab Status: \b HCS does this incorrectly\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If a character is in the negative BODY range due to a wound, and an Adjustment Power takes\par
\pard him to positive BODY, he stops Post-Segment 12 bleeding from the wound as long as the Adjustment\par
Power keeps his BODY score positive. When the fading of the Adjustment Power returns him to\par
negative BODY, he starts bleeding again in Post-Segment 12.\par
\tab Status: \b Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 If a character is in the negative BODY range due to a wound, and an Adjustment Power adds\par
\pard to that eff ect, he keeps bleeding from the wound on Post-Segment 12 and eventually dies (or dies\par
immediately if the Adjustment Power takes him to negative his starting BODY).\fs20\par
\fs19\tab Status: \b Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Attack Powers: \f0 If a character boosts or improves an Attack Power such as Energy Blast or HKA\par
\pard with Aid or a similar Adjustment Power, the extra damage counts as \ldblquote base damage\rdblquote  for purposes of\par
determining how much damage the character can add with STR, movement, Combat Skill Levels, and\par
the like.\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\f1 Defense Powers: \f0 To balance the usefulness of defenses in the \i\f2 HERO System, \i0\f0 the eff ect of any\par
\pard Adjustment Power that increases or decreases PD, ED, any Defense Power, and the like is halved.\par
\fs18 Armor\par
Characteristics (PD\par
and ED only)\par
Damage Reduction\par
Damage Resistance\par
Flash Defense\par
Force Field\par
Force Wall\par
Knockback Resistance\par
Lack Of Weakness\par
Mental Defense\par
Missile Defl ection &\par
Refl ection\par
Power Defense\fs20\par
\f1\tab Status: \b Incomplete\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\fs19 Area Of Effect, Explosion: \f0 If an Adjustment Power (other than Transfer; see page 236) has this Advantage,\par
\pard it aff ects everyone in the area equally, up to its maximum aff ect per individual. For example,\par
if an Aid STR, Area Of Eff ect (Radius) can add a maximum of 12 Character Points, everyone in that\par
radius can gain up to 12 Characters Points\rquote  worth of STR. If an Adjustment Power does not work this\par
way \emdash  if it has to divide its eff ect equally between everyone in the aff ected Area \emdash  it may take a -\'be\par
Limitation, \i\f2 Divided Eff ect.\i0\f0\fs20\par
\f1\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\b0\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\fs19 Can Apply (Remove) Adders (+1): \f0 A character can use an Adjustment Power with this Advantage to\par
\pard apply Adders to a Power which that Power does not already have, or can enhance an existing Adder\par
if appropriate. Th e character chooses what Adders to apply when he uses the Adjustment Power; the\par
Adder applied can vary from use to use. An alternate version, \i\f2 Can Remove Adders, \i0\f0 is\par
appropriate for Adjustment Powers such as Drain. It allows the Power to remove Adders a target\par
Power possesses. Th e Adders are removed fi rst,before the base Power itself is Adjusted.\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Cumulative: \f0 Characters should not apply Cumulative to Adjustment Powers that increase a Power\par
\pard or Characteristic (such as Aid or Absorption), since they have their own rules for how many\par
Character Points they can add to a particular Characteristic or Power and how and at what\par
rate they\rquote re added. Th ey can apply Cumulative to Adjustment Powers that decrease a Power or\par
Characteristic (such as Suppress). \par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Delayed Return Rate (+\'bc or greater)\fs20\par
\pard\fs19\tab Status: \b Implemented\fs20\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\fs19 Variable Effect (+\'bc to +2): \f0 To apply an Adjustment Power to any Characteristic or Power within\par
\pard a related group of special eff ects, \i\f2 one Power at a time, \i0\f0 is a +\'bc Power Advantage. Th us, a character\par
could have, for example, a Drain that works against any one fi re-based Power. For a +\'bd Advantage, a character can apply an adjustment Power to any two Characteristics or Powers with related special eff ects simultaneously.\par
For a +1 Advantage, a character can apply an Adjustment Power to any four Characteristics or Powers with related special eff ects simultaneously.For a +2 Advantage, a character can apply an Adjustment Power to \i\f2 all \i0\f0 Characteristics and\par
Powers with related special eff ects simultaneously(regardless of how many there are).\fs20\par
\fs19\tab Status: \b Implemented.  However, " \i\f2 all \i0\f0 Characteristics and\par
Powers with related special eff ects simultaneously" HCS should not prompt you to select the items\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0 Instead of defi ning a Variable Eff ect power as aff ecting a pure special eff ect, a character can defi ne\par
\pard it as working against any similarly related grouping of Characteristics and/or Powers. Examples include\par
\ldblquote four defi ned Characteristics at once\rdblquote  (+1), \ldblquote any Characteristic that\rquote s currently below starting value,\par
one at a time\rdblquote  (+\'bc), or \ldblquote any Sense-Aff ecting Power, one at a time\rdblquote  (+\'bc).\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Variable Effect \emdash  Multiple Special Effects: \f0 At the GM\rquote s option, a character who\rquote s bought Variable\par
\pard Eff ect at the +\'bd or greater level can buy a separate Advantage, \i\f2 Multiple Special Eff ects, \i0\f0 to increase the\par
number of \i\f2 special eff ects \i0\f0 he can aff ect. For a +\'bc Advantage, an Adjustment Power with Variable\par
Eff ect can aff ect either of two special eff ects, but only one special eff ect at a time. For a +\'bd Advantage,\par
an Adjustment Power with Variable Eff ect can aff ect the defi ned number of powers in two special\par
eff ects simultaneously. For a +1 Advantage, it can aff ect the defi ned number of powers in four special\par
eff ects simultaneously. For a +2 Advantage, it can aff ect the defi ned number of powers in all special\par
eff ects simultaneously.\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implmented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Charges: \f0 With the GM\rquote s permission, a character can use an Adjustment Power just to aff ect a target\par
\pard power\rquote s Charges. Divide the Active Points in the power by the number of Charges it has. Using the\par
resulting \ldblquote point total\rdblquote  for each Charge, apply the Adjustment Power as per normal.\par
If a power has Continuing Charges, and an Adjustment Power is applied to it, the Adjustment Power typically aff ects the entire power (\i\f2 i.e., \i0\f0 all Charges, whether in use or not), not just the Charge currently in eff ect. However, at the GM\rquote s option, a\par
character could declare that he wants to Adjust only the Charge(s) in eff ect at a particular time (or the\par
GM may restrict him to doing so).\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Gradual Effect: \f0 If a character applies the \i\f2 Gradual Eff ect \i0\f0 Limitation to a negative Adjustment Power,\par
\pard such as Drain or Transfer, the target doesn\rquote t start regaining lost points until all increments of eff ect\par
have accrued. Once the last increment accrues, he starts regaining lost points at the specifi ed rate\par
for the power. Th e same is \i\f2 not \i0\f0 true of Adjustment Powers that boost or improve game elements, such\par
as Aid; their eff ects fade at the standard rate regardless of the Gradual Eff ect increment. If the GM\par
feels any of this might be abusive or pose game\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Increased Return Rate (-\'bc or more): \f0 For some powers, a character may want to increase the rate at\par
\pard which the Character Points added or removed by an Adjustment Power fade or return.\par
If an Adjustment Power doesn\rquote t have the \i\f2 Delayed Return Rate \i0\f0 Advantage, then every doubling\par
of the amount of points that fade/return per time increment is a -\'bc Limitation, \i\f2 Increased\par
Fade(Return) Rate: \i0\f0 -\'bc if the points fade/return at 10 per time increment; -\'bd if the points fade/return\par
at the rate of 20 per time increment; and so on (assuming the GM allows any further increase in\par
the rate of fade/return). If all the points fade/return immediately when 1 Turn or some lesser increment\par
of time passes, that\rquote s worth a fl at -\'bd (the GM may reduce this to -\'bc if the Adjustment Power typically\par
adds/removes 10 or fewer Character Points). If an Adjustment Power has the \i\f2 Delayed\par
Return Rate \i0\f0 Advantage, the Limitation described above simply reduces the value of the Advantage,\par
but the Advantage has a minimum value of +\'bc. Th e GM may alter the value of the Advantage as he sees\par
fi t to preserve game balance.\tab\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Limited Special Effect (-\'bc or more): \f0 If a character buys an Adjustment Power to aff ect a specifi c\par
\pard Power (Aid Energy Blast, Drain Telekinesis), it takes this Limitation if it can only aff ect that Power\par
when the Power has a particular special eff ect. Examples include Aid Energy Blast, Fire Special\par
Eff ect Only (-\'bd), or Drain Telekinesis, Mentalism Special Eff ect Only (-\'bd). Th e value of the Limitation\par
depends upon how common the special eff ect is; a Very Common special eff ect would be worth\par
-\'bc, a Common special eff ect -\'bd, and an Uncommon special eff ect -1.\par
\tab Status; \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 One Use At A Time (-\'bd): \f0 If a character cannot use an Adjustment Power on a target a subsequent time until\par
\pard the fi rst use fades entirely, it takes this Limitation.\par
\tab Satus: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Only Restores To Starting Values (-\'bd): \f0 Some Adjustment Powers can raise Characteristics and Powers\par
\pard far above their starting levels. If an Adjustment Power can only restore lost Characteristics and\par
Powers (but not raise them above starting values), it\rquote s bought with a -\'bd Limitation. Characters cannot\par
take this Limitation for Healing (which by defi nition nition only restores Characteristics and Powers to\par
their starting levels) or for Adjustment Powers with a Variable Eff ect defi ned as aff ecting \ldblquote Characteristics\par
and Powers below starting value.\rdblquote\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Self Only (-\'bd): \f0 An Adjustment Power that can af ect others, such as Aid, may take this Limitation\par
\pard if the character who buys it can only use it on himself. A similar Limitation is \i\f2 Others Only\par
\i0\f0 (-\'bd), meaning the character who buys the Power can never use it on himself.\par
\tab Status: \b Self only works but Other Only only causes an exception\par
\pard{\pntext\f3\'B7\tab}{\*\pn\pnlvlblt\pnf3\pnindent0{\pntxtb\'B7}}\fi-720\li720\b0\f1 Normal Characteristic Maxima: \f0 Adjustment Powers are not aff ected by the cost-doubling imposed by\par
\pard Normal Characteristic Maxima (see page 32). Th ey add or remove points in a Characteristic or Power\par
at the standard rate, even if the character has paid extra points to buy that Characteristic or Power\par
above the defi ned threshold.\par
\tab Status: \b Not Implemented\b0\f1\fs20\par
\b\f0\fs19\par
\b0\f1\fs20\par
\b\f0\fs19\par
\b0\par
\fs20\par
\f1\par
\par
\par
\par
\f0\par
\fs19\par
\par
\tab\f1\fs20\par
\par
\par
\f0\par
\b\fs19\par
\b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\b\fs19\par
\b0\fs20\par
\par
\par
\f1\par
}
 